Add compiler directive to disable the default exception propagation (#5094)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/language_basics.rst

While this is always the case for Python functions, functions
defined as C functions or ``cpdef``/``@ccall`` functions can return arbitrary C types,
which do not have such a well-defined error return value.

> Cython by default uses dedicated value to propagate exceptions from a non-external ``cpdef``/``@ccall``
> functions. Moreover, the way how an exception is propagated can be changed if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Cython uses a dedicated return value to signal that an exception has occurred in non-external ``cpdef``/``@ccall``
functions. However, how Cython handles exceptions from these functions can be changed if needed.
```
Small re-write...

Author: :-/ wrong branch. I have another PR for docs. Should I move it there or can it stay here?
